- In the criminal justice
system.
sexually based offenses
are considered
especially heinous.
In New York City.
the dedicated detectives
who investigate
these vicious felonies
are members of an elite squad
known as
the Special Victims Unit.
These are their stories.
[siren wailing. horns honking]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Hey. are you up?
- What are you doing?
- [sighs]
I can't sleep.
There's too much honking.
- So close the window.
- The radiators.
It'll get too hot.
- Then turn on
the sound machine.
- It's so noisy.
[siren wailing]
- That's the point.
It's the good noise.
- It'll help me sleep.
- God.
Just be quick.
Shh.
- What?
[door opens]
- I heard the boogeyman
in my room.
I can't sleep.
- Neither can Daddy.
- [sighs] Honey. what do we say
when we have a bad dream?
- I forget.
- We say thank you. bad dream.
- Thank you. bad dream.
- Now I can go back to sleep
and have a good dream.
- Now I can have a good dream.
- OK.
[siren wailing]
All right?
Now let's get you back to bed.
[sighs]
- But this wasn't a dream.
The boogeyman is in my room.
- [sighs] OK.
Let's go tell him to leave.
[groans]
See?
There is nobody here
because the boogeyman
is not real.
- There was a noise.
- Like what?
- I don't know.
Eh. eh. eh.
- It was probably
just the radiator.
Now let's shut our eyes.
We all need rest.
All right?
I love you.
[kisses]
Night. night.
[raspy whimpering]
- Told you.
[suspenseful somber music]
[raspy whimpering]
- Maybe it's an animal.
- Animal?
- Shh.
[whimpering]
Hello?
♪ ♪
- What's going on?
- Her camera's making
a weird noise.
[whimpering]
Oh. my God.
- What? What is it?
[whimpering]
♪ ♪
- The image comes in best
from my daughter's room.
- Do you have any other cameras
in the apartment?
- No.
- And you do not
recognize this boy?
- Not at all.
But the signal is strongest
from her desk.
- [whimpering]
- He fell asleep. like.
right before you got here.
but. I mean. he was crying.
- That--that--
that's a dog cage.
- You need to call TARU.
The feed is being intercepted
by another camera.
- You're right.
It's like when--when
your walkie's accidentally
sharing the same channel as
a rando and you can hear them.
- And you can speak to them.
You can talk to your daughter
on this?
- Yeah. she'd hear us
through the camera.
- Has anyone else
been in the room?
- Just the boy.
- Hi. my name is Olivia.
Can you hear me?
I'm--a--I'm a police officer
and I want to help you.
OK?
Can you tell me your name?
Do you know where you are?
If you can tell me anything.
anything at all
about where you are.
about the room that you're in.
I promise you
I will find you.
Can you do that for me?
♪ ♪
[dramatic music]
- Hey.
We're combing through records
to see if anyone
living in the area
matches the child's
description.
- OK. check child abuse
and domestic violence reports
to see if there's
any history here.
- Will do.
We're also waiting on NCIC.
NCMEC.
and New York Missing Persons
Clearinghouse
to see if they have a match
for an Asian male--
- Hold on.
Uh. she could be a girl.
I mean. I'm going off
the clothes and the hair.
- OK. we'll include females
age 9 to 11.
- Expand that.
Um. 7 to 13.
- And I'll check NamUs and
the clearinghouses for Jersey.
Pennsylvania. and Connecticut.
just in case. you know.
the kid wasn't kidnapped
in New York.
- TARU's on site with Griffin
seeing if they can
get the signal back online.
- And then
they'll be able to trace it?
- It's unclear. but I don't
know what we do if they can't.
- We gotta find this kid.
- This thing's not Wi-Fi. OK?
Operates over RF.
- Radio frequency?
- There is my detective.
- OK. can you locate where
the video's coming from?
- Signal analyzer.
- OK. come on. you know
I don't know what that is.
- The 2.4 gigahertz band's
got all your consumer products.
your Bluetooth.
smart home. Wi-Fi.
So maybe. just maybe.
we lost the signal
because of some interference.
- OK. and you can figure out
where in the city
this is coming from?
- Yeah. I get frequency.
and my boy Joe. who's
on a rooftop a block away.
he tunes to the same signal.
Using those two measurements.
we can triangulate
an approximate location.
- So. uh. what if it
isn't interference?
You know. what if we--
I don't know.
What if we lost the signal
because a camera was
turned off?
- It'd be no bueno.
Can't trace what isn't there.
If there's nothing doing.
there's nothing to be done.
- Are you the police?
- Yeah. yeah. I am.
Lexi. right?
I'm Detective Griffin.
Thank you for
letting us use your room.
You know. your. uh.
your unicorn kept me company.
- She's a kitty corn.
- Oh.
- Will you catch him?
- Who?
- The boogeyman.
- Lexi!
- We will catch him
and put him in jail.
Promise.
OK?
Why did her monitor pick up
someone else's feed?
I mean. isn't there something
to prevent that?
- These monitors frequency hop.
They cycle across the band
in unique patterns
so that only the camera
and its accompanying monitor
are ever tuned to the same
frequency at the same time.
- So maybe
the signal's jumping.
- The camera out there
must overlap
with this camera's pattern.
at least a portion.
If I get this. uh.
cycle here. I--
[radio tuning]
[light music]
Joe. go to center frequency
2.437 gigahertz.
span 10 megahertz.
Set resolution bandwidth
100 kilohertz.
- Copy that.
♪ ♪
- Hi. Hey.
Hey. buddy.
Hey. my name is Jake.
I'm a cop. OK?
We just wanna make sure
that you're OK.
Yeah?
Can you tell me your name?
Can you tell me your name
before we lose a connection
again?
[door opens]
- Hey. are you talking?
Who you talking to?
Hey. I hear any sound
from in here again.
you'll never see mommy ever.
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
- The Levinthals'
apartment is here.
TARU triangulated the signal
to here.
- OK. so that's a smaller
haystack than the whole city.
- But it's still a haystack.
- Yeah. well.
we got a needle detector.
TARU guy gave me this.
- That's a portable monitor?
- It's a signal analyzer.
- Exactly.
It says how strong the signal
is from where you're standing.
- But it doesn't
give you the direction.
- So hot or cold.
- Mm-hmm.
- We knock doors up there.
eventually we'll get a hit.
- That's two whole city blocks.
I mean. how many apartments
are there?
- I mean. it could be from 400
to almost 1.000.
- 72nd between Columbus
and Amsterdam?
- Yeah. up to 74th.
- That's--that's right where
they. uh.
they--they turned that hotel.
the Azura Hotel. into a--
a homeless shelter.
I mean. they're housing
multiple level two
and level three offenders
up there.
- OK. so you two go.
We have a couple potential
matches for missing children.
and you and I will check
on the families.
- Hey. one other thing.
- Yeah.
- I noticed something.
- All right. say it.
- So I don't--I don't like
to talk about this that much.
Work-life. church-state
kind of thing.
But. uh...
- OK.
- My brother. he passed away
when I was 15.
- Oh. I--I'm sorry.
- Yeah. well. he had autism.
OK?
And. uh.
in moments of distress. he'd--
he'd rub his head like this.
- Uh-huh.
- He actually got a bald spot
from doing it too much.
The boy. I noticed he was doing
something like that on his arm.
- Yeah.
Yeah. OK. That's something
to keep in mind.
Good catch. Griff.
- Thanks.
- So what are we looking
for this thing to do?
- If we get close enough.
the lines on this will spike.
[device beeping steadily]
- Are those spikes?
- No. I don't think so.
We might not be close enough.
Joshua Powell.
Police.
Open up.
- Yo. what are you doing?
- We need to look
inside your apartment.
- For what?
- You got something suspicious
in there?
- No.
Yo. this harassment.
I served my time.
Besides.
my niece is full of BS.
I ain't touch her.
- Well. I read the report.
Your niece was ten.
- Yeah. kids start lying
when they're three.
What's that thing he's got?
- Oh.
that's a pedophile detector.
Detects up to a month
of pedophilia activity.
- Mommy.
I thought this was
a kid's doctor.
- Just pay attention
to yourself. all right?
- Sergeant Rollins?
- Yeah.
Yeah. I came here
'cause I heard
they had the best lollipops.
- I know the statistics.
If a child's not found
in the first three hours.
they won't be found at all.
alive.
And Spencer's been gone
for over a year.
- Yeah.
- So you've got bad news.
Right?
- I'm--I'm going to show you
a picture
from a video feed
that we intercepted.
and I-I have to warn you.
it's--it's a distressing image.
Do you recognize this boy?
- Uh--I don't know.
Is that Spencer?
- That's what we're
trying to figure out.
- Is this recent?
- Yeah.
[soft music]
- Oh. my God. is he in a cage?
Where is this?
- Well. we're trying
to determine the location.
- So it could be Spencer.
- Do you think it is?
- I--I can't tell.
Oh. my God. I don't know.
- OK. well. Dr. Chou.
was Spencer autistic?
- No.
- OK.
- Wait.
What does that mean?
Does that mean that this
isn't Spencer.
or that it is?
- I promise--I promise I will
let you know more when I can.
- No. no. no. Wait. wait.
Please. please. please.
What if I just say
that it's him?
- Dr. Chou.
- Yes. that is Spencer.
Now. can you tell me?
Please tell me...
- Ma'am.
- What happened to Spencer?
- I'm so sorry.
I will--I will keep you
updated when I know more.
I promise.
- Can--
can you just say why
he's in a cage?
[somber music]
- I don't know.
♪ ♪
- Graham Roberts.
Police. Open up.
- No.
- No?
You're a level three
sex offender. we're the police.
Open the door.
[device beeping steadily]
It's definitely getting
stronger. but it's not spiking.
[door clicks]
- There any kids out there?
- Kids?
- Yeah. children.
- No. we're adult policemen.
- Did you look both ways
down the hall?
- Mr. Roberts.
there's no kids out here.
- I don't trust me.
I have my urges.
so I stay in my room.
Always.
- Can we come in?
[device beeping steadily]
[suspenseful somber music]
[door shuts]
♪ ♪
[device beeping steadily]
- I order delivery.
have them leave it
at the doorstep.
I think you're the first people
I've seen in three weeks.
- What's with the binoculars?
- Checking the weather.
- [sighs]
♪ ♪
They can't see me.
And I just watch.
I never talk.
I never leave.
I never touch.
[device beeping steadily]
- Get anything?
- No. Clean.
- We're taking these.
♪ ♪
- Is that him?
- I...can't tell.
- OK.
- God. that's so sad.
It's been so long.
I maybe can't recognize
my own son.
- OK. well. let's be honest.
This is not a good photo.
and I'm asking a lot of you.
- I took six months parental
leave when Avery was born.
so I thought maybe
that's the right amount of time
to come back to work
after Avery went missing.
- There's not a right
amount of time.
only choices.
- And regrets.
- [sighs]
And those. too.
- My friend's daughter.
who's in eighth grade.
she walks Avery home after
school every day.
Or used to.
On Wednesdays.
they'd get a chocolate cookie
from Levain along the way.
but Avery wouldn't
go inside. though.
because it was too loud
for him.
But on this day.
she comes out of Levain
with a cookie and no Avery.
He's just...gone.
[somber music]
- You said that Avery
doesn't like loud spaces?
May I ask you. does--
does Avery have autism?
- Oh. yes.
He's non-speaking.
- So he can't vocalize?
- Sorry.
I should have said earlier.
I figured you knew.
- OK.
So the database said
that the reporting officer
said that there were files
that were pending upload.
- Did they upload the letter
I was sent?
- What letter?
"Boy is not in danger.
I see your--"
spelled Y-E-R--
"name in news.
"I promise not to hurt boy.
"Take good care of boy.
"I feed him 'hullthy' meals.
He doesn't know my cement
is hidden in his oatmeal."
- Semen.
- Oh. my God.
♪ ♪
"I keep him inson."
Innocent?
"I just saw him
looking so innocent
by hisself on the stert."
S-T-E-R-T.
- Street.
- "So I took him."
OK. work up a psych profile
on this creep.
I mean. we know that
our vic is Avery Li.
We need a picture
of who our perp is.
- On it.
♪ ♪
[device beeping steadily]
- That doesn't look the same.
- Is it a spike?
- No. but I think
we're getting closer.
- Joseph Rice!
Open up!
[door clicks]
- What's up?
Oh. hell no.
I--
- No.
[dramatic music]
- On the ground!
On the ground!
- What--what happened?
- Hands behind your head
where I can see 'em!
- What did I do?
OK.
[device beeping rapidly]
- Hello?
Anybody in here?
♪ ♪
Hello?
[device beeping rapidly]
Anybody in here?
Hello?
[pounding on door]
Is anybody in there?
[device beeping rapidly]
[static crackling]
♪ ♪
- Dude can't have a hobby?
- What are you doing
with all that equipment?
- Talking to friends.
What. are you going to arrest
me for having a ham radio now?
- You talking to little kids
on there?
- No. that's what
the internet's for.
- So what happened?
That thing was spiking.
- This antenna here.
it's acting like a repeater.
It's accidentally boosting
the camera's signal.
- So where's the boy?
- At the moment.
could be anywhere.
- TARU thinks they worked out
the frequency hopping pattern.
So if we lose the image--
- They could pick it back up.
- Or at least they
should be able to.
- OK. so their new
measurements estimate
he could be anywhere in an
additional four whole blocks.
It's upwards of
3.000 apartments.
almost 5.000 people.
- OK. Not great.
- And no registered offenders.
- Guys. I. um.
I--I really think we should
try talking to the kid again.
- Last time.
he heard your voice.
God knows what he might do
if he catches you again.
- I know.
but we got to do something.
- TARU is monitoring him 24/7.
- Good for TARU.
What are we doing?
- This--
- We're sitting on our hands
here.
We gotta find him.
- The camera that
broadcasted this.
does it have to be
the same make
as the one that
accidentally received it?
- I'm sorry.
Yeah. same make. same model.
- Wait. I looked into it.
It was recalled for
this very security fault.
Sucker was only on the market
for three months.
- Yo.
Get some rest.
I'll watch over him.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
[can snaps open]
OK. buddy. all right.
[exhales]
Just breathe. calm.
I am in radio range.
all right?
You can't be that far.
[door opens]
[tense music]
[loud thumps]
- Here.
Milkshake.
Drink it.
You don't do much. do you?
- Ah.
- I'm losing interest.
- No. no. no.
no. no. no. no.
[cage rattling]
[tense music]
[slams table]
♪ ♪
- Here are the sales of the
recalled camera for Manhattan.
Also. a list of all
the New York City parents
who had it on their
baby registry.
- None were sold in the area
TARU triangulated.
- Yeah. so Bruno. I want you
to track down all the orders
from Midtown South and any
precincts south of 42nd Street.
Rollins. you take
the Upper East Side
and obviously Midtown North.
And. Griff. uh. want
you to take. obviously.
the Upper West Side
through Inwood.
- Yeah. what if the perp didn't
buy the camera in New York?
Or what if it was stolen?
- Well. then--
then we're gonna keep looking.
OK?
Look. you never know
what breaks a case.
All right. so Rollins has
worked up a criminal profile.
things that we all need
to keep in mind.
- Yeah. so this is based
on probability. history.
and some interpretation.
so if you come across someone
who doesn't exactly
fit the profile.
but also doesn't
pass the smell test--
- You just want
to use your judgment.
- Right. So our suspect
is probably white. male.
mid-30s to 50s.
possibly dyslexic.
- Education?
- Uh. at best. high school.
So we're probably looking
at an antisocial personality
who has problems holding down
a relationship or a job.
- Also.
he might be a collector.
- Exactly. someone who likes
to collect baseball cards
or butterflies.
who likes to hoard something.
an object.
like even the child. Avery.
It gives them a sense
of control or even pride
over an otherwise
disordered life.
- All right. guys.
let's saddle up.
Hey. Griff.
- Yeah.
- Walk with me for a second.
So I heard that
you were helping TARU
monitor the camera feed
last night?
- I can't sleep. you know.
so I--I figured
I'd give someone else a break.
- All right.
but I need you sharp.
And you were the one
that helped us figure out
that Avery was autistic.
- Yeah. I'm good.
- So keep it that way.
- Yeah.
- OK.
- OK. yeah.
Hey. hey. hey.
It's just. uh. when I--
when I look at the kid.
Avery. I just--
I keep seeing my brother.
You know.
he was also non-speaking.
and. um.
people would meet him.
you know. and they would--
they would ignore him
or they'd--
they'd treat him like he was
stupid 'cause he didn't talk.
I'm telling you. Cap.
he was so smart.
He could read anybody.
He could read people better
than any detective
you have ever met.
You just--you--you had
to know how to talk to him.
- And how would you?
- We had our own
pidgin sign language.
It was just ours.
If Scott really trusted you.
he'd follow any direction
you give him.
- How did he die?
- It was a car accident.
Driver fell asleep
at the wheel.
Didn't have to do
with anything.
[approaching footsteps]
- Um...
So Griff--
so I had a case like this once.
And. uh.
911 put through a call
from a little girl.
and she had no idea
where she was.
- Did you find her?
- We did.
And that little girl went on
to become a cop.
- What? Wow. No way.
- Yeah.
So a story is happy or sad
based on when you stop
telling it.
She died in the line of duty.
that girl.
- Oh. my God.
Jeez.
I'm sorry.
- This story can still change.
We just need to keep going.
Come on.
- Cap. I think I can
get through to Avery.
I know I can.
- I don't doubt it.
But I can't take that risk.
This little boy's life
is on the line.
- I--I just don't think
we have much time
before this guy does something
worse than he's already done.
- Neither do I. so go.
Go and knock on doors.
[knocking on door]
- Anybody home?
Mr. Lykos?
- I was sleeping.
What is it?
- Yeah. I'm Sergeant Rollins.
NYPD.
You're Mr. Lykos?
- Yeah.
- Do you have any children?
- No.
- OK.
We have records
of a George Lykos
purchasing a baby monitor
at this address.
- George is my cousin.
I'm Costa.
He do something bad again?
- Does he have a history
of criminal behavior?
- Is he a criminal
if he gets away with it?
- Oh.
Where is George now?
- The Bronx.
- Do you have an address
or phone number?
- You gonna get him in trouble?
- Listen. I know a visit
from the police can be scary.
I know you're a relative.
you want to protect him.
but listen. don't worry.
He hasn't done anything wrong.
he's not in any trouble.
- That's a pity.
George is the worst person
I ever met.
- Mm.
- And that's saying something.
- 407 East 161st...
Street.
[tense music]
Um...
[exhales]
You know.
I have zero cell service.
Do you mind if I use your phone
to call this in?
- Sure.
That's why I have a hard line.
- Mm.
♪ ♪
Lot of newspapers.
- Yeah. I collect them.
Can't throw away history.
can you?
- No. you can't.
- Thanks.
[phone buzzes]
Benson.
- Yeah. I am at the address
that we had on file
for George Lykos--
uh. 15 East 46th Street.
apartment 8AB.
- OK.
Go on.
- It turns out it's his
cousin's place. Costa Lykos.
- C-O-S-T-A. Costa?
- Mm-hmm. He says the address
that he has for George
is 407 East 161st Stert--
Street.
- So Costa's the guy.
- That's right.
Costa says
he's a really bad man.
- [sighs]
Is there any sign that
the boy is there?
- Uh. I don't know.
It's. uh. hard to say.
- OK.
So Rollins.
the address that you're at
is outside the area
that TARU triangulated.
- Yeah. right.
- And if you arrest him
and he refuses to talk.
we may never find Avery.
- Yeah. so you want me
to go look for George
up in the Bronx?
- No. I want you
to keep Costa occupied.
and I'm gonna radio
Bruno and Griffin
and get them into place
to track his movements.
Hopefully he can lead us
to Avery.
- Yeah. sure can.
- Hey. Rollins.
[tense music]
Stay safe.
- Will do.
So my captain just wants to see
if we can get a little more
background info on your cousin.
- Mm. OK.
- Uh. shall we sit?
- Sure.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- Would you mind if
I got a glass of water?
Parched.
- Uh-huh.
♪ ♪
- Respond to 15
East 46th Street immediately.
I'm texting you a photo now.
The suspect is Costa Lykos.
White. 43. 6'5".
290.
balding with a beard.
This is surveillance.
Keep your distance.
We do not want to tip him off.
- Yeah.
- Advise on all movements.
- Copy.
- You got it. Cap.
[engine revs]
♪ ♪
- So I was living in Jersey
and the Port Authority
fired me
and Mama got cancer.
- I'm sorry to hear that.
- She lives out of her bed.
So came here to help out.
Stayed with cousin George
till he left.
- Why'd he leave?
- [scoffs]
Planted his cement in his girl.
Dummy.
Now they're having twins.
- He took the monitor with him?
- What monitor?
- The baby camera?
The one that he purchased
at this address?
- Oh. yeah.
Must have.
- [chuckles softly]
Mr. Lykos.
I have to admit something.
I haven't been
completely truthful.
- How's that?
- Your cousin George.
he's our chief suspect.
He's probably going to go down.
- Well. that's good.
- You could help me. though.
And maybe we could take
a look around.
see if he left his DNA
or fingerprints on something?
- Maybe his old bedroom.
Down there.
You want to look?
- You lead the way.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- Sorry about the darkness.
Need new light bulbs.
[chuckles]
♪ ♪
His. uh. room's the one
at the end.
♪ ♪
- Hey.
Mr. Lykos.
[exciting music]
Open the door!
♪ ♪
[distant siren wailing]
Mr. Lykos?
♪ ♪
[siren whooping]
Hey. hey.
He's fleeing!
Suspect is fleeing!
15 East 46th Street.
He's wearing a navy blue
hoodie. brown pants.
You got him. Bruno?
- I see him.
He's heading down
46th towards Madison.
♪ ♪
[siren wailing]
- Go. go. go. go!
10-80. all units.
please respond.
Pursuit of suspect
into Grand Central.
♪ ♪
- Attention.
Grand Central passengers.
Now boarding on track 28
on the upper level.
- Jeez.
- Get down there.
Get down there.
[tense dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- 23.
Track 2-3.
♪ ♪
[chime dings]
Stop!
Hey!
♪ ♪
No!
Hey!
♪ ♪
- We radioed MTA PD.
Grand Central is on lockdown.
They're searching the tunnels.
NYPD is patrolling
every station.
but so far. nothing.
- If he gets away.
you know where he's going.
- Well. he's not here.
but. hey.
look what I found--it's dead.
- He's going to dump the kid.
and we are going to watch
on a monitor!
- Yo.
- He's right.
Do you really think
you can get the kid to talk?
- I gotta try.
Hey. give me the mic.
OK. um--
All right. hey. buddy.
Hey. it's me Jake.
Um...
I know the last time we talked.
you got in trouble.
I don't want that to happen
again. all right?
But this is--this is really.
really important. OK?
I know--I know that you
don't communicate with words.
OK. well.
my brother was the same.
He didn't talk very much.
but we used to play this game
together. this really fun game.
Yeah?
Where. uh. where if I said--
if I said something true.
he would touch his nose.
And if I said
something not true.
he would touch his forehead.
OK?
Can we try to play that?
Is your name Avery?
Avery Li?
[tense music]
♪ ♪
I know that you've been through
a lot. buddy.
Way. way too much in this life.
Yeah?
Even before all this.
And people are mean.
aren't they?
They are.
They treat you like
you're nothing.
Yeah. like you're--
like you're
a piece of furniture.
like you're not even a person.
yeah?
♪ ♪
That's how they treated
my brother. too.
But buddy. that is why
I am positive
that just like him.
you--you--you are nice
and you are smart
and you are creative
and you are a good kid.
And guess what?
I'm looking at you right now.
You know that?
I can see you right now.
And can I tell you something?
I have a wish that one day.
we can just meet in person
and I can say hi.
Yeah?
Yeah. that's it.
So I'm going to
ask you again. OK?
Please. please tell me.
If your name is Avery Li.
just touch your nose.
♪ ♪
- [gasps]
- [sighs]
- Yes.
- OK. Avery.
Avery. do you know the address
of where you are?
♪ ♪
Uh--
Do you know the--the--the
street number or the name?
OK. do you--
do you know the floor number
or anything identifiable?
- Hold on. hold on. hold on.
Uh. Bruno. Bruno.
what's your 20?
- I'm here. Cap.
75th and Amsterdam.
- I want you to criss-cross the
blocks that TARU triangulated.
sirens on.
- On it.
[siren wailing]
- Hey. Avery. Hey. buddy.
Hey. so you might hear
a police siren.
I'm--I'm really sorry
if it's loud.
I know you don't like
loud noises. all right?
That's just my partner.
Now if you hear this siren.
I just want you to put your
finger to the tip of your nose.
OK?
♪ ♪
- Bruno?
- Crossing 74th.
I'm on 73rd now.
- Avery. you hear anything?
Avery?
Any--any--any police siren?
[siren wailing]
♪ ♪
- Look. look!
- Good job. buddy.
Good job. Avery.
- Bruno. where are you at?
- I'm on 70th
between Broadway and Columbus.
[phone buzzing]
- Rollins. what do you got?
- Hey. Costa Lykos
mentioned his mother.
so I looked up her address.
It's 1480 West 70th Street.
number 4B.
- Bruno. 1480 West 70th.
apartment 4B. now.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
Great. thanks.
Come on.
♪ ♪
- Police!
- Come on. come on.
♪ ♪
- Hey. Avery. Hey. buddy.
I'm a police officer. OK?
I'm here to get you out.
♪ ♪
- Oh. man.
- Oh.
- Come with me.
Come on.
That's it. yeah.
[peaceful music]
All good here.
No sign of our perp.
All right.
♪ ♪
- [sobbing]
[somber peaceful music]
♪ ♪
- How's he doing?
- He's. you know.
a little malnourished.
a little dehydrated.
but his injuries are minor.
And I'm sure
he wants to meet you.
- Uh. they found Costa's body
on the tracks.
- Yeah. I heard.
Crushed by the midnight local.
That's unfortunate
for any night commuters.
- Hey.
How do you deal
with all this?
- All what?
- The darkness.
- You just reunited
a little boy with his mother.
Where's the darkness in that?
- You know what I mean.
- We keep telling our stories
no matter how dark they are.
You keep telling your story.
'Cause I know
that good always comes
from people hearing them.
That and a whole lot
of therapy.
- Mm.
- Hey. I'm--
I'm sorry that
I questioned you. boss.
Tynan's right. you--
you are the best.
- Oh. Griff.
you're a detective.
You are supposed to
question everything.
Everything and everyone.
A good leader
welcomes questions.
A bad one--
a bad one demands loyalty.
and you have to remember that.
'Cause...
because some day.
you may need to choose
who you want to follow.
♪ ♪
[dramatic music]
[wolf howls]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-